change emit signal permissions to non determinism (#1661)
holochain/holochain: crates/holochain/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

- BREAKING CHANGE - The max entry size has been lowered to 4MB (strictly 4,000,000 bytes) [\#1659](https://github.com/holochain/holochain/pull/1659)

> - BREAKING CHANGE - emit signal permissions are changed from writing workspace to non determinism [\#1661](https://github.com/holochain/holochain/pull/1661)

Reviewer: @thedavidmeister would be good to explain what this actually means for the user. Is this right?

```suggestion
- BREAKING CHANGE - `emit_signal` permissions are changed so that it can be called during `post_commit`, which previously was not allowed [\#1661](https://github.com/holochain/holochain/pull/1661)
```
